7/4/13

Attempting to add logic to LocalizeRC that will carry forward adjustments
to dialog size/pos. 

7/5/13

Have revised logic to match by dialog section and line within the section.
This should match reliably and will skip updates when design changes to the
dialog have invalidated matching.

The program text window will now show log messages rather than the the RC
input data. 

Progress! The revised app is now finding all matching dialog sections and
the keys within it.

One odd item noted - in comparing the old and new RC files it appears that
VS has "downgraded" some dialogs from DIALOGEX to DIALOG without any apparent
reason. This causes a mismatch on those dialogs that suppresses size/pos
updates. 
-- It should be safe to ignore differences in dialog type since the structure
of the relevent entries is the same for both. See if this can be done to
update those sections despite the dialog type difference.

Done:
 1. Allow match on DIALOG vs DIALOGEX
 -- DONE! required using key variants during the section match search
 2. Suppress updates on hits to the FILEVERSION and PRODUCTVERSION keys.
 Those shouldn't be altered.
 -- Noted that those hits set the 4 numbers in the version into val5
 rather than val due to the missing comma in front of the set. Simple way
 to skip these is to do it if val is empty.
 -- DONE! the val5 trick could NOT be used here because section headings
 also are missing the leading comma. The result is actually a space in
 val and the numbers in val5. An explicit test for the offending sections
 is now done so the list may need to grow later if new false hits occur
 due to new sections.
 3. Need to process margin data in DESIGNINFO section
 -- DONE!
 4. Discard the ICON, BITMAP, and CURSOR sections of the output steam if user
 has opted to NOT copy the RES folder.
 -- DONE!
 5. Do the actual size/pos replacements!
 -- DONE! the size/pos values are now being correctly replaced in the output
 
!!Somehow managed to mess up the regex expression and now the searches are
invalid. Suspect that original expression was returning the separator between
key and val as val5. That subexpression is not non-reporting and suddenly
val5 is always blank.
-- was trying to get the trailing separators off of the key via the regex
expression. This was not going well.
-- ToDo: finalize the regex expression and then tweak the code to handle the
new regex expression iteration results.
-- DONE!

7/6/13

Fixed regex expression. Discovered that some keys ended in a number and it
was likely that those were mishandled before (e.g., IDC_BUTTON5). The last
char of the key was being taken as the first value in the size/pos vector.
That has been corrected by a mod to the expression.

Done:
 1. Consider ignoring LTEXT / CTEXT / RTEXT differences in keys
 -- DONE! the C/L/R variants now match each other (but not EDITTEXT)
 2. Get design info section merge coded
 -- DONE! and working
 3. All buffer offsets should be UINT or LONG
 -- NOPE! all CString functions use int for offsets! An int is a 32-bit
 value.

The dialog layout and design info merges are now in dedicated functions
called from the main update event function.
Added stats to each processing function that report to the log output
window, which no longer shows the RC input file. 

Next: icon and bitmap section discard -- DONE!

7/7/13

The first release candidate of LocalizeRC v1.7 is complete!

Create a Unicode Release version for further testing.
-- DONE!

ToDo:
 1. Add a messages to the log output for INI processing.
 -- DONE! It's very limited - don't want to change existing code
 at this point.
 *2. Add a log save option
 -- Could take the "Edit INI" function and use it to open the log
 in an editor. Don't see value of having edit INI function in app.
 Translators won't use it there.
 3. Figure out why build fails to detect edits to the resources
 resulting in need to do a complete rebuild.
 -- DONE! needed reference to resource.h in main app cpp files.
 It was in stdafx.h - it doesn't belong there.
 *4. See if Version resource can be updated to indicate DLL rather
than Application.


 



